README.md, before:

# Hello there! 👋 I'm Josef aka `JayJsan` :)
---
<!--
**JayJsan/jayjsan** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

## About me
### `TL;DR`
- 👯 Computer Systems Engineering Student at [The University of Auckland](https://www.auckland.ac.nz/en/engineering/about-the-faculty/electrical-computer-and-software-engineering.html)
- 💻 I’m currently learning Web Development!
- ⚙️ I'm interested in all sorts of software development.
- 📧 Email me at [`job.santos924@gmail.com`](mailto:job.santos924@gmail.com) (Josef is my middle name)
- 🌏 Connect with me on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/josef-santos-7b184a205/)
- 📄 View my [CV](./cv/cv.pdf) (not finished!)
- ⚡ 2023 Goals: To create and finish more projects and collaborate with others!

I'm a Penultimate Computer Systems Engineering student at The University of Auckland.
I'm interested in all kinds of tech but am mostly interested in the software aspect of things, especially web development. However, I am still very keen to learn all kinds of things. 

For now, I am focusing on web development starting from front-end development and eventually to full-stack. Eventually, I'd want to delve into mobile app development, game development, or something to do with machine learning and AI. 

---
### 🖥️ Things I've played around with:

##### Languages
![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/c%23-%23239120.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c-sharp&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white) 
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white)
![MATLAB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MATLAB-004B87?style=for-the-badge)
![Scratch](https://img.shields.io/badge/Scratch-4D97FF?style=for-the-badge&logo=Scratch&logoColor=white)

##### Web Development
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![NPM](https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-%23CB3837.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)

##### Computer Systems
![ATmega328PB](https://img.shields.io/badge/ATmega328PB-ed1b2d?style=for-the-badge)
![LTspice](https://img.shields.io/badge/LTspice-8E0A26?style=for-the-badge)
![Microchip Studio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microchip_Studio-EE3233?style=for-the-badge)
![Proteus VSM](https://img.shields.io/badge/Proteus_VSM-1C79B3?style=for-the-badge)

##### Game Development
![Unity](https://img.shields.io/badge/unity-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=unity&logoColor=white)
![Aseprite](https://img.shields.io/badge/Aseprite-FFFFFF?style=for-the-badge&logo=Aseprite&logoColor=#7D929E)
![FMOD Studio](https://img.shields.io/badge/-FMOD%20Studio-000000?logo=fmod&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge)

##### Tools
![Visual Studio Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual%20Studio%20Code-0078d7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)
![Notion](https://img.shields.io/badge/Notion-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=notion&logoColor=white)
![Trello](https://img.shields.io/badge/Trello-%23026AA7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Trello&logoColor=white)
![VEGAS Pro](https://img.shields.io/badge/-VEGAS%20Pro-000000?logo=vitess&logoColor=11B3FF&style=for-the-badge)
![Adobe Photoshop](https://img.shields.io/badge/adobe%20photoshop-%2331A8FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=adobe%20photoshop&logoColor=white)

---
### 📈 Statistics
![Top languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=jayjsan&count_private=true&theme=react&layout=compact&langs_count=12&hide_border=true&hide=tex)  
![GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=jayjsan&count_private=true&show_icons=true&theme=react&hide_border=true)  
![GitHub streak stats](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com?user=jayjsan&theme=react&hide_border=true&date_format=j%20M%5B%20Y%5D)

Commit message:

added link to university account

README.md, after:

# Hello there! 👋 I'm Josef aka `JayJsan` :)

---

<!--
**JayJsan/jayjsan** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

## About me

### `TL;DR`

- 👯 Computer Systems Engineering Student at [The University of Auckland](https://www.auckland.ac.nz/en/engineering/about-the-faculty/electrical-computer-and-software-engineering.html)
- 💻 I’m currently learning Web Development!
- ⚙️ I'm interested in all sorts of software development.
- 📧 Email me at [`job.santos924@gmail.com`](mailto:job.santos924@gmail.com) (Josef is my middle name)
- 🌏 Connect with me on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/josef-santos-7b184a205/)
- 📄 View my [CV](./cv/cv.pdf) (not finished!)
- 👨‍🎓 University GitHub Account: [@jsan502](https://github.com/jsan502) - Used for assignments that don't allow @JayJsan to be used
- ⚡ 2023 Goals: To create and finish more projects and collaborate with others!

I'm a Penultimate Computer Systems Engineering student at The University of Auckland.
I'm interested in all kinds of tech but am mostly interested in the software aspect of things, especially web development. However, I am still very keen to learn all kinds of things.

For now, I am focusing on web development starting from front-end development and eventually to full-stack. Eventually, I'd want to delve into mobile app development, game development, or something to do with machine learning and AI.

---

### 🖥️ Things I've played around with:

##### Languages

![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/c%23-%23239120.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c-sharp&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white)
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white)
![MATLAB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MATLAB-004B87?style=for-the-badge)
![Scratch](https://img.shields.io/badge/Scratch-4D97FF?style=for-the-badge&logo=Scratch&logoColor=white)

##### Web Development

![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![NPM](https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-%23CB3837.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)

##### Computer Systems

![ATmega328PB](https://img.shields.io/badge/ATmega328PB-ed1b2d?style=for-the-badge)
![LTspice](https://img.shields.io/badge/LTspice-8E0A26?style=for-the-badge)
![Microchip Studio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microchip_Studio-EE3233?style=for-the-badge)
![Proteus VSM](https://img.shields.io/badge/Proteus_VSM-1C79B3?style=for-the-badge)

##### Game Development

![Unity](https://img.shields.io/badge/unity-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=unity&logoColor=white)
![Aseprite](https://img.shields.io/badge/Aseprite-FFFFFF?style=for-the-badge&logo=Aseprite&logoColor=#7D929E)
![FMOD Studio](https://img.shields.io/badge/-FMOD%20Studio-000000?logo=fmod&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge)

##### Tools

![Visual Studio Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual%20Studio%20Code-0078d7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)
![Notion](https://img.shields.io/badge/Notion-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=notion&logoColor=white)
![Trello](https://img.shields.io/badge/Trello-%23026AA7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Trello&logoColor=white)
![VEGAS Pro](https://img.shields.io/badge/-VEGAS%20Pro-000000?logo=vitess&logoColor=11B3FF&style=for-the-badge)
![Adobe Photoshop](https://img.shields.io/badge/adobe%20photoshop-%2331A8FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=adobe%20photoshop&logoColor=white)

---

### 📈 Statistics

![Top languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=jayjsan&count_private=true&theme=react&layout=compact&langs_count=12&hide_border=true&hide=tex)  
![GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=jayjsan&count_private=true&show_icons=true&theme=react&hide_border=true)  
![GitHub streak stats](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com?user=jayjsan&theme=react&hide_border=true&date_format=j%20M%5B%20Y%5D)
